So, as outlined in the last lecture already,
there are situations where you know
that you, for example,
want to trigger a workflow
when a commit is pushed to the repository,
but you want more control.
You want to control that this should not trigger
the workflow for all branches,
but instead only if the main branch is targeted.
So, just adding an event like push
or pull request alone isn't enough.
And GitHub actions gives you more control
for your event configurations.
For example, some events have so-called activity types,
which allow you to specify in greater detail
which exact version or variation
of the event should trigger a workflow.
If, for example, the pull request event
has a couple of activity types
that allow you to control
whether all pull request related actions
should trigger the workflow
or maybe only if a pull request is opened, or closed,
or edited.
And then we also have so-called event filters
which are supported by some events
Here, we also got more control
over when exactly a workflow will be triggered,
and filters do exist for the push and pull request events
and a few other events.
And here we can, for example,
configure that we want to filter all push events,
such that only push events
that target the main branch
or any other defined branches
will trigger the workflow,
and other pushes,
which target other branches,
won't trigger the workflow.
So, activity types and event filters are key features
that give us more control
over which event exactly will trigger our workflow.